Hotel was comfortable and was in a great location with close proximity to the tourist mecca of Fisherman's wharf and transport options (Trams, Cable Cars etc ).
Rooms are typically American large rooms.
The hotel has a trip person ready to help you pick that perfect day to sightsee and enjoy the pleasures of this wonderful city.
All done with a smile.
The staff was very helpful.
We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and always enjoyed it.
Great beginning to holiday and would stay again.
Convenient location.
Food prices a little high but you do not have to eat there.
We made the mistake of thinking this would be quite cheap but we were wrong.
Position is fantastic very closed to Fis.
We arrived early and were able to check right in and get our sight seeing started!
A mistake - it was only a 4 min walk, but it felt like a 2 star hotel.
We would recommend this hotel.
We warmly recommend this hotel.
Location wise it is great, very close to cable car, Fisherman's Wharf and felt safe and secure.
The room was spacious and considerably larger than our cruise ship balcony room.
When mentioned to reception in the morning I was told that this room was renowned for it's complaints, with a fake smile.
Hotel is clean and tidy.
Location wise this area is renowned for the large number of homeless and at night this appears to increase tenfold.
We spent 3 nights here during a summer vacation and really liked the hotel.
There is a 24 hour Dennys next door which makes it a great all night food option.
Just stayed two nights with family while visiting San Fran, great location.
Best location to Fishermans Wharf.
Very comfortable and clean.
A nice hotel 1 minute's walk to Fisherman's wharf.
It also has several public transport options almost at the door, so is an ideal base to explore further afield.
The hotel is old, looks it's age but is very well maintained.
Room has a mini fridge, nice outdoor pool.
Overall we had a good stay at The Holiday Inn, and I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting a hotel in a good location.
Can't believe that after talking to manager, all they were willing to do was a 10%.
Very nice rooms, lobby and hallways.
The front desk staff was acceptable, but not overwhelmingly friendly or personable.
Whilst not a new hotel, its facilities and location make it good value.
The management is very unfriendly, everything they have is cheap junk - from the flimsily paper plates at breakfast to the tissues and tp.
The Personnel were extremely courteous and friendly.
This hotel is by the pier and all tourist attractions.
Quick easy check in, we were in the 2nd building.
I did not catch the name of the lady who helped us at check-in, but she was definitely not a front line person.
The room was nice and clean with a very limited view.
A good sound proofing might do wonders and earn 5 stars instead of 4.
The hotel was in a great location for walking and seeing the sights.
From check in to check out I could not have been more disappointed.
When they finally got there, clerk was very friendly.
Rooms are standard Holiday Inn.
the check in process was hassle free, the restaurant staff was very pleasant also.
Only recommendation would be to have better quality slippers provided as they were like paper.
We got this one through Priceline and were happy with the location.
A little bit pricy.
It was nice to have Dennys downstairs for breakfast or lunch.
Good sized rooms and comfortable beds, can be a little noisy due to volume of traffic passing outside.
Pros: The good-size room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.
Nice room.
Could here every door, every person talking through the hall and also we were next to an alley way, which had constant noise from cars and people.
Location at Fisherman's wharf is ok, staff are lovely.
Noisy, noisy, noisy - should have realized when we noticed earplugs are supplied!!! We stayed at Holiday Inn Express last time (8 years ago) and maybe should have gone back there.
We wanted to go somewhere special and that we both enjoy.
It must be one of their bases, so there is the constant noise of idling bus engines to contend with.
This hotel was chosen for its location and as it was just for a 2 day stop over it offered an easy access to all the places we wanted to visit in the time we had.
A little busy when we arrived and the manager came out to help and waited on us.
Great restaurants, very safe feeling walking around.
Had a better overall stay at the Holiday Inn Express next door.
When I was there the wifi was terrible.
Very close to all the action, walking distance to everything including Lombard and golden gate (1.8kms) Would definitely stay here again but would choose buffet breakfast next time.
If you visit Frisco as a tourist, you really want to be in the heart of Fishermans Wharf and this hotel in bang in the middle of everything, though somehow the experience is calm and organised.
Still loud room fans and somewhat louder hall noise.
The bar was limited but comfortable and the gift shop was very well equipped
Great beds with lovely pillows.
Very disappointing especially as we have stayed in many motels/hotels of all grades in the USA. this was the worst.
Ample toiletries provided but had to pay $10 a night for a bar fridge.
The room was clean and well looked after, nothing fancy but was definitely up to standard, I would stay here again if i was visiting San Francisco.
We're in a shared room for over 350US per night booked via hotels.com was the cheapest we could find at the time.
About two blocks from Ghiradelli Square (love ).
The check-in process was smooth but the first room allotted to us was not ready.
The housekeeping staff were friendly.
I would definitely come back here if I am visiting SFO as a tourist.
The reception looked bored, bellhop was there but did not do any bellhop work !!! Basically it was self serve all the way.
Breakfast was not included and that was an extra 28 dollars, which was surprisingly much.
Cheap by San Francisco standards.
Plenty of restaurants and tourist attractions within walking distance.
We arrived at 2pm after a long flight from Australia and were luck enough to be able to check in straight away even though check in was at 3pm.
Very friendly helpful staff at the desk.
We had a disaster of a meal on our first night - largely due to an inefficient waiter.
Absolutely comfortable, bar fridge, freezer fast powerful WiFi , complimentary desk top computers with printers, get your international boarding passes anything you want almost.
The location is good as you are close to transport and Fishermans wharf area.
Easy walk to Fishermans Wharf and Embarcadero areas.
Parking charge is ridiculously high $48 per night plus tax.
We stayed in San Francisco for three nights and had a great time.
My room was in the second building which has a tiny car park.
Room checked and clean well.
Breakfast was okay.
Does not have a restaurant but it offers a very good breakfast in the morning.
The pillows on the bed were abundant and super comfortable.
The rooms were comfortable and well appointed.
Absolutely loved this hotel!
Stayed here for 5 days, staff are so welcoming and do a great service.
Don't think you could get a much better location.
We stayed here in room 355 our points some were not expecting the best of the best rooms but the layout of this room was less than excellent.
I would stay here just because of the convenience factor.
Very clean and spacious rooms.
The staff are nice.
Very comfortable and well maintained.
Check in: Efficient and welcoming, pointed out concierge service but did not push, explained parking fee (luckily we did not have a car) Room: Family room with 2 queens, clean, spacious and good (free) wi-fi connection.
We anticipated that we'd have to wait for our room, but happily the room was ready.
Our room was clean, spacious and a bit better than one normally expects from a Holiday Inn.
The rooms were a good size and the beds were extremely comfortable.
We had a lovely view of a back alley that looked like you wouldn't want to be caught back there after dark.
The AC unit is very loud which does help drown out the street noise when it's on.
Located very well to most attractions.
Great location within walking distance to most of the location.
Overall great experience.
Fisherman's Wharf was our first stop on our California trip, and we couldn't have picked a better location to stay at.
The lobby was busy but always clean, and the continental breakfast was excellent.
Best thing was the location, convenient to catch Muni to get around town, close to pier 39 and there were plenty of restaurants around the hotel for dinner.
Easy walk to the Wharf area and great dinning in the area.
Couldn't ask for a better location.
My kids used the heated pool and had fun.
Staff was able to give some recommendations and discounts for average dining but some good local lounges for nightlife since it seems the Wharf closes around 8:00.
The full size bed was a bit small for our liking since we have a king at home.
Very basic accommodations at a premium price, in the heart of the cheap and schlocky tourist Mecca.
The Denny's on site had lousy service.
There was a branch of Denny's in the hotel but the food was very poor and expensive.
It's very handy for all the tourist things at the Wharf and the street cars are just outside.
Again not what you want after traveling so long and far.
Hotel is barely average by holiday inn standard.
Security could be better when all doors require a room key.
Hollywood cafe, Joanie's cafe (best Belgium waffle) , all within a block or two.
Love the newer style proximity locks on the doors.
we chose this hotel as a base for our golden wedding.
It was ideal for all of the attractions and bars.
The location was fantastic with a view looking straight out to Alcatraz.
super friendly service.
Breakfast was good value and very nice.
Really clean hotel, staff were very helpful and the buffet was delicious.
We used it as a base for a quick 2 night weekend stay in SF.
Great breakfast, good selection and great rooms with good bedding.
The maid service was good but not thorough.
a large and spacious room with two double beds for myself and my son.
They have Wi-Fi and outlets near the bed, which are nice touches in an old property.
Easy walking distance to all waterfront attractions.
Lots of good restaurants within walking distance.
To the hotel management credit They have reduced the cost of this room for me but to be perfectly honest I'm still very annoyed.
The breakfast was expensive (around 20 dollars), but there is a Starbucks at the corner.
Room was on the corner of a very busy street.
We were upgraded to the IHG rewards 4th floor and were not disappointed.
Disappointments, I suppose the clue should have been in the ear plugs on the bedside table.
Not so noticeable during the day but once you are in bed the droning was very annoying.
The location is excellent with easy walking distance to all of the attractions that make the Fishermans Wharf area so popular, including the start of the cable car.
This place was clean, with friendly staff and had really big rooms by my standard.
Damn near heaven for those of us who like tea.
Union Square was wonderful at Christmastime, the Wharf is the best place to stay though.
It just has free weights, two treadmills, 1 elliptical and 1 bike.
The room was dated, with older furnishings, and well-worn wallpaper.
Our other room was over an alley and was quite noisy first thing in the morning with traffic and deliveries.
The neighborhood is safe and clean with many conveniences including CVS, Whalgreen's, Starbucks, coin laundry, liqor store and more.
Parking is crazy expensive.
We had to rebook a flight due to a mechanical issue with the plane and the staff at The Holiday Inn was very accomodating to modify our reservation.
The location was great and the staff was very friendly from the moment we checked in until the final walk out the door.
Staff were a little brusque.
If possible I would suggest asking for a quiet room as the street noise is a little loud (we did have a choice and chose the view which was a mistake ).
The smell of the packed quarters was awful.
Staff were friendly.
We stayed here for 4 nights and i would recommend it.
The staff is great.
Fire alarm went off approximately 0300 one morning, however no staff were to be seen on that occasion.
Awesome location, right on Fisherman's wharf (at the end, by the Golden gate).
When we arrived at the Wharf Building, we discovered that it had none of the amenities of the main building (Columbus) and was basically an annex for overspill.
The room was clean and of a reasonable size.
We were disappointed that a surcharge of about $10 has to be paid for the privilege of having a refrigerator in the room, although this was by no means unique to this hotel in San Francisco.
The area around the hotel lively with good choice of bars and restaurants.
The only downside is the breakfast that is pretty expensive, but there a lot of options nearby.
We were so excited to stay here and looked forward to the ocean view promised by the person who booked the room for us.
Easy access to transit.
Wi-fi in our room was not so good, unless you sat near the window.
Staff were very polite and helpful.
Never slept so well.
Rooms were clean and tidy, reception staff good.
3 minutes walk from Hollywood Cafe.by far the best breakfast in town!
The bed was pretty stiff and could have been improved.
Also, the entire time we were here we could not get the wifi to work even though it was included free.
The bed was comfortable too.
Well done Holiday Inn, you did well.
Shuttle dropped us off at the Holiday Inn is instead of the HI Express which was right next door, but the receptionist checked us in through the VIP line since he was not busy.
The room was large and comfortable, Within two blocks of the Grotto and about 3 or 4 from Pier 39.
Our room overlooked bins and we were woken every morning about 4am with the bin men crashing around!
No recommended
Really a bit worn and overused and definitely very expensive but you are paying for the location.
Free wifi in all areas.
The rooms are great and clean.
Stayed here in July for two nights, very nice rooms.
PROS: Great location to the wharf, Lombard street, trolley and street cars.
The good thing is there are many places to eat within a few blocks that are very good.
The rooms are always clean, but Wifi is so slow and no free breakfast either, but friendly staff.
There are plenty of good eating options in the area.
Nice room though, can't fault the sleeping arrangements.
We took the subway here to avoid the $40+ per night parking fee.
Also, location was the best!
Only two blocks from Fishermans Wharf so conveniently located.
I mentioned this issue at check-out; I was told many guests complain about that, but that nothing could be done about it.
The hotel is dated and expensive for what you get but better than I expected.
Overall, I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again.
Great location by the Wharf!
Very pricey but it's San Fran near the wharf, it doesn't get cheaper.
The hotel was very clean and the beds were very comfortable.
Everyone was nice, the room was very comfortable and it was a great location for walking to Fisherman's Wharf.
Reception staff helpful and friendly.
I'd definitely stay there again!
Standard Hotel, very clean, great price point.
The best part was the location.
Nice clean pool and gym ;)
Friendly staff (front desk, bellboy, cleaning room staff ).
superb clean room with a lovely comfortable bed coffee maker fridge iron and ironing board lovely bathroom in prime position for all you could want would definitely stay again
Initially we thought great but by weeks end we were not happy.
The only negative comment would be that I felt it was a little pricey, the most expensive hotel of all booked during our three weeks in the USA.
Very easy walk to Fishermans Wharf, cable cars.
Which was just average but was a cool free perk of a last minute booking.
We would definitely stay again!
Very clean and tidy but $10 a day to rent a small fridge for the room is crazy.
Very nice.
Clean and well looked after.
It was an easy walk to the cable cars, pier 39, Ghiradelli square, etc.
Plenty of places to eat near buy.
Nice updated quiet room Hotel under construction but it did.
Guest services were friendly and helpful.
Rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was great.
Much cheaper than a taxi!
It turned out to be very good!
Overall the employees do not seem happy.
Buses, trucks, streetcars and people shouting could all be heard.
There are some great restaurants just up the hill.
The bed duvet had some old stains on it - why not replace it?
Room was ok, two very tight beds and cost very high.
Great places just a short walk away.
The service from the Banquets team was the best I have experienced.
Front desk was extremely helpful in getting us a late check out and allowing us to park our car in the lot until 6pm on check out day.
The room was clean and well maintained.
Spacious bathroom, and comfortable bed.
I think the best part of choosing this hotel was its perfect 2 min walk to the pier and the $500 a night view for only $200 a night.
real 70's garish carpets and wall coverings but accommodation very comfortable and staff ranging from porters concierge and reception were excellent and we appreciated their excellent service - great location
This hotel is in a great location for the 1st time traveller.
Underground parking, it is right in the centre, lots going on around, even though we had a car, we did walk to a lot of places.
I would definitely stay here again if I was lucky enough to go back to San Francisco!
Staffs are friendly and helpful.
To say the least: for the exuberant rate this hotel charges, we find that the services and quality does not met that level.
There were two people who mistakenly knocked on our room at night that disrupted my sleep as well!
This is a nice hotel, clean and pleasant.
Hotel room itself is a bit tired - needed new bathroom & redecoration.
Friendly staff and plenty of food / drink options near by.
The best part was proximity to Fisherman's Wharf, Coit Tower, all the tours.
